\input texinfo
@c -*-texinfo-*-
@setfilename brick_game.info
@settitle Brick Game Documentation

@titlepage
@center @titlefont{Brick Game Documentation}
@center Version 3.0
@end titlepage

@contents

@chapter Project Overview

@code{Brick Game} is a project that includes three classic games: @strong{Tetris}, @strong{Snake} and @strong{Race}.  
It provides three user interfaces: a terminal-based CLI, a graphical desktop application and a web application.  
High scores are saved between sessions using an embedded @strong{SQLite3} database.

@chapter Project Structure

@itemize
@item @code{brick_game} — core backend.
@itemize
@item @code{tetris} — Tetris backend library.
@item @code{snake} — Snake backend library.
@item @code{race} — Race backend library.
@item @code{server} — server backend.
@item @code{web_gui} — server frontend.
@end itemize
@item @code{gui} — user interface implementations:
@itemize
@item @code{cli} — terminal interface.
@item @code{desktop} — graphical desktop interface.
@end itemize
@item @code{headers} — API headers for backend libraries.
@item @code{tests} — unit tests for tetris and snake backend libraries.
@end itemize

@chapter Controls

@section Common Keys
@itemize
@item @kbd{P} — pause the game.
@item @kbd{SPACE} — stop the game.
@item @kbd{R} — start or restart the game after losing.
@end itemize

@section Tetris Controls
@itemize
@item @kbd{Left}, @kbd{Right}, @kbd{Down} — move the piece.
@item @kbd{E} — rotate the piece.
@end itemize

@section Snake Controls
@itemize
@item @kbd{Left}, @kbd{Right} — change direction.
@item @kbd{E} — speed up.
@end itemize

@section Race Controls
@itemize
@item @kbd{Left}, @kbd{Right} — change lines.
@item @kbd{Up} — speed up.
@end itemize

@chapter Level Mechanics

Maximum level: @strong{10}.

@section Level Increase Rules
@itemize
@item In Tetris, the level increases every @strong{500} points.
@item In Snake, the level increases every @strong{5} points.
@item In Race, the level increases every @strong{5} points.
@end itemize

@chapter Scoring

@section Tetris Scoring
@itemize
@item 1 line — 100 points
@item 2 lines — 300 points
@item 3 lines — 700 points
@item 4 lines — 1500 points
@end itemize

@section Snake Scoring
@itemize
@item 1 apple — 1 point
@item Game is won when the score reaches @strong{200}.
@end itemize

@section Race Scoring
@itemize
@item 1 rival — 1 point
@end itemize

@chapter Build System

The project uses a @code{Makefile} to automate compilation and testing.

@section Key Makefile Targets

@table @code
@item all
Builds and installs all binaries.

@item install
Installs CLI, desktop and web versions of the games to @code{~/brick_game}.

@item install_cli / install_desktop / install_web
Installs only CLI / desktop / web versions.

@item test
Runs unit tests for Tetris, Snake and Race.

@item gcov_report
Generates a full code coverage report (HTML) using lcov and genhtml.

@item clean
Removes all compiled files and binaries.

@item dist
Creates a compressed archive of the project source code.

@item install_lib
Installs required development libraries (GCC, SQLite3, ncurses, etc).

@item install_qt
Installs Qt dependencies for the desktop version.

@item install_dvi
Installs LaTeX tools to build this documentation.
@end table

@node License
@chapter License

The project is licensed under the GNU GPL v3.  
Documentation is licensed under the GNU FDL.

@node Contacts
@chapter Contacts

Authors: jennispo@*

@bye
